Do you like to talk or not?
roar
Hey, hey.
For the sake of Su Huangfei's sincerity
Then I'll tell you.
Yangjin green plum
Filter what are these
This is called science.
Huang Fei doesn't have to wait for my subordinates to understand
Are you kidding me?
Huang Fei if you don't believe
That board text is better than leaving at first sight
I'll take you to the emperor's dormitory
His Royal Highness the Third Prince, forgive me
Chen and others are really powerless
Waste is just waste
Fathers and sons are powerless
I can't worry for you today.
Father, it seems that you have a very clear understanding of yourself
Qin Xiu, you are too embarrassed to come
As a prince
You not only failed to share your father's worries in time
Instead, create trouble everywhere
I don't think you deserve to be a prince at all
Equipped with safety